{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039  \'96 Life-changing clarity
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i "For years, I dreaded my blood tests because I never really understood what the numbers meant. With Serenya, I finally feel in control of my health. The explanations are clear, and the reports helped me ask my doctor the right questions. I can\'92t imagine going back to guessing."
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 \uc0\u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039  \'96 My trusted health companion
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i "After six months with Serenya, it feels like having a personal medical assistant who knows my history better than I do. Every new lab result makes more sense in context. My doctor was impressed with the structured reports I brought to my last check-up."
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 \uc0\u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039  \'96 Simple, supportive, essential
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i "I was hesitant at first, but Serenya has become part of my health routine. Uploading a new exam is effortless, and I get results within minutes. It\'92s like having a second opinion anytime I need it\'97without the anxiety."
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 \uc0\u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039 \u11088 \u65039  \'96 Peace of mind, finally
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i "I\'92ve struggled with recurring issues for years. Serenya doesn\'92t diagnose, but it does give me the tools to have much more meaningful conversations with my doctor. That peace of mind alone is worth the subscription."
\f1\i0 \
}